are you serious wat the fish are biting
folks the fish are biting and foremost
time that would be a good thing but not
in Argentina the carnivorous fish the
piranhas attacking 70 people in
Argentina don't don't cry for me
Argentina oh this your buddy hmm what is
going on this is it this is too much I
mean I can deal with the birds falling
out of the sky 5,000 of Beebe Arkansas
just before midnight not one but two New
Year's Eves in a row I can deal with the
water turning blood-red in 11 different
major waterways and strain and India and
then the raining rain blood rain in Sri
Lanka and the water turning blood-red in
Texas or the water turned blood-red in
in Holland or the water dripping blood
red in France or the water turned
blood-red naseeb Azov in Russia or the
beaches and the water didn't read in
Australia I can deal with it I can deal
with the water dirty red I can deal with
the spiders covering the ground in
Australia or falling out of the sky in
Brazil I could deal with the cattle
fallen over dead with stocking Wisconsin
or 10,400 dear dine in Michigan or 7,000
Buffalo died within in Vietnam or deer
falling over dead and Canada or bison
dying I can deal with the fish and the
birds of the cattle but I cannot deal in
the asteroids in the meteorite and the
sun turning dark and I could deal with a
lot of stuff actually but I don't think
I can deal with piranha attacks whoa
a a school of piranhas have attacked
people swimming in Argentina in the
Rosario providence injuring 70 now don't
forget that number 70 people bitten by
these piranhas resulted even in some
amputations officials have suggested
that this freak incident an accident was
caused by an unusually high temperature
at the time of the attack what the fish
had a fever no they mean the water
temperature and because he had been be
stirred it folks another thing about
this it happened a christmas day it
happened on Christmas Day it was about
nine thousand people gathered on
Christmas Day to escape the heat wave in
Argentina folks were out swimming in the
in the water it had been over 100
degrees thing was 102 that day and I
came out of nowhere they said suddenly
people started appearing with bites on
their hands and feet all of a sudden
according to Federico Cornero director
of the emergency medical services of lot
nasaan Canario said most of the injuries
had been sustained by the bathers were
light but among was seriously injured
was a seven-year-old girl she had to
have her finger her finger I didn't
bitten off another man's toe was
amputated so he had 70 people there were
seven children that were bitten among
the 70 so you had 70 people bitten seven
of them were children and one of the
children was a seven-year-old girl
losing her finger I mean on Christmas
Day the fish aren't biting but not like
you think biting the people is there
something biblical going you know what
is there something biblical going on
here I want to think Rita of Oklahoma
percent in this report to me and it's
been I'm fox news and the Russia today
and several other people
covered it and I thought about it
yesterday my live show by waited till
this morning because i thought god what
is going on they were reminding me of
all these strange events taking place or
told me said look watch the animals
watch nature how they're reacting to
these apocalyptic times begin to
understand something biblical is going
on Paul it's not by accident that seven
thousand bald eagles gathered in comox
valley vancouver canada and in landfill
and we're seeing eating the carcasses of
dead rats in the land field and all
these over 7,000 Eagles died it's not an
accident that seven thousand Buffalo
died in three days in Vietnam it's not
an accident that almost a hundred
thousand cattle died this year in South
Dakota from us freak a snowstorm it's
not an accident that 260,000 llamas died
in Peru over some strange wind it's not
an accident that thirty thousand sheep
died from some rain and a little bit
cool weather in Uruguay when none of
these events should have caused any the
5,000 blackbirds that fell out of the
sky it's not in Beebe Arkansas not one
but two New Year's Eves in a row it's
not an accident that's seven million
fish washed up on the banks of redondo
beach california and the scientist says
the cause of death maybe they got scared
to see some saw something in the ocean
at frightened him maybe bottle rockets
caused the birds of all its sky in
arkansas maybe too many people were
urinating in a lake in germany cost
10,000 fish today maybe the fish were
hungry in argentina they got a fever
don't miss today's show I'm gonna have
to deal with all of this stuff and what
the Bible says about it and if you're
not saved you need to understand we're
truly living in the last days this is
I'm not joking around with you you're
going to see stranger sites and
radically prophetic signs
it will blow your mind in these last
days but still many people will scoff
and mock and will not repent they will
not repent even the Bible says in
Revelation God would send them scorpions
they would buy them and men would sting
them and hurt them for five months and
they will know their tongues in pain and
blesseth in God and will not repent of
their sins